Tracing tweaks (#271)
microsoft/TypeScript-wiki: Performance-Tracing.md

    ```
    trace
    +- legend.json

>     +- trace.123-1.json

Author: I couldn't figure out a way to make a note that isn't too visible, so I just dropped it for now.  (I'm guessing that the files will change again anyway, so no worries about getting out of sync.)

    5.  This mode is for zooming.
        Click-drag up or right to zoom in and down or left to zoom out.

>     *Aside:* the [`about://tracing`](about://tracing) UI are rather clumsy.

Reviewer: "is"?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    *Aside:* the [`about://tracing`](about://tracing) UI is rather clumsy.
```

Author: Bah, missed this...

    An alternative is to open the trace in Devtools (F12) by clicking the Upload button on the Performance tab.

>     This provides a more navigation experience, but drops instant events (mostly used for errors in compiler traces) and possibly other features.

Reviewer: Missing a word?  "a more navigation experience"

Author: Yeah, I don't know how I dropped it in the copy+paste from daniel's suggestion...

>     This has a much more modern navigation, but drops instant events (mostly used for errors in compiler traces) and possibly other features.  We hope to improve support in future releases.

Reviewer: I don't think "a" works there?

Author: Changing to `This has a much more modern UI`.

>     This has a much more modern navigation, but drops instant events (mostly used for errors in compiler traces) and possibly other features.  We hope to improve support in future releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This provides a more modern navigation experience, but drops instant events (mostly used for errors in compiler traces) and possibly other features.
    We hope to improve support in future releases.
```

Author: Ah, didn't see this even-better rewrite.
